Adds Dollar Shave Club, Elsevier, and Trivago resources (#57)
abhivaikar/howtheytest: README.md

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Dollar Shave Club</summary>

#### Blogs

> * [How Dollar Shave Club 3x'd velocity and learned to love their tests](https://engineering.dollarshaveclub.com/qa-environments-on-demand-with-kubernetes-5a571b4e273c)

Reviewer: Looks like the URLs are interchanged. Can you change that? Thanks!
```suggestion
* [How Dollar Shave Club 3x'd velocity and learned to love their tests](https://circleci.com/blog/how-dollar-shave-club-3x-d-velocity-and-learned-love-tests)
```

> * [QA Environments on Demand with Kubernetes](https://circleci.com/blog/how-dollar-shave-club-3x-d-velocity-and-learned-love-tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [QA Environments on Demand with Kubernetes](https://engineering.dollarshaveclub.com/qa-environments-on-demand-with-kubernetes-5a571b4e273c)
```
